[
{
        "id" : "1",
        "question" : " How Does an Android App Work?",
        "answerLink" : "1-Building the APK File
                          a-Code Compilation
                          b-Conversion into Dalvik bytecodes
                          c-Generating .apk file
                          d-App Distribution
                        2-Deploy the Application
                          a-Establish the ADB Server
                          b-Transfer .apk file to the Device
                        3-Run the Application  
                          a-App launch request
                          b-Conversion of the .dex code to native OAT format"
    }, 
    {
        "id" : "2",
        "question" : "What can you bring to the company?",
        "answerLink" : "Well, I’m currently an account executive at Smith, where I handle our top-performing client."
    }, 
     {
        "id" : "3",
        "question" : "Q.Find the output of the following program?
 public class Prg {  
    public static void main(String args[]){  
        System.out.print("A" + "B" + 'A');  
   

        "answerLink" : "Then answer is ABA because it is the string concatination here ."
    }, 
      {
        "id" : "4",
        "question" : "Why do we use the word “debugger” in javascript?",
        "answerLink" : "The debugger keyword is used in the code to force stop the execution of the code at a breaking point and calls the debugging function.
        The debugger function is executed if any debugging is needed at all else no action is performed"
    }, 
    {
    "id":"5",
    "question":what is tree in dsa ?
ans: - A tree is a nonlinear hierarchical data structure that consists of nodes connected by edges."

       "id":"6",
    "question":Explain the process behind storing a variable in memory.
ans: - A variable is stored in memory based on the amount of memory that is needed. Following are the steps followed to store a variable:
The required amount of memory is assigned first. Then, it is stored based on the data structure being used. Using concepts like dynamic allocation ensures high efficiency and that the storage units can be accessed based on requirements in real-time."
},

    {
        "id" : "7",
        "question" : "What is an API and how does it work?",
        "answerLink" : "Application programming interfaces, or APIs, simplify software development 
			                  and innovation by enabling applications to exchange data and functionality
		                    easily and securely.
			                  An API is a set of defined rules that explain how computers or applications 
			                  communicate with one another(Typically these rules are documented in an API
		                    specification). APIs sit between an application and the web server, acting 
			                  as an intermediary layer that processes data transfer between systems.
			                  Here’s how an API works:

			                  1. A client application initiates an API call to retrieve information—also
			                     known as a request.This request is processed from an application to the 
			                     web server via the API’s Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) and includes
			                     a request verb, headers, and sometimes, a request body.
			                  2. After receiving a valid request, the API makes a call to the external 
			                     program or web server.
			                  3. The server sends a response to the API with the requested information.
			                  4. The API transfers the data to the initial requesting application."
    }, 
    {
    "id":"8",
    "question":"what is Event Delegation?",
    "answerLink":"Event delegation is a technique involving adding event listeners to a parent element instead of adding them to the descendant elements. The listener will fire whenever the event is triggered on the descendant elements due to event bubbling up the DOM. The benefits of this technique are:

Memory footprint goes down because only one single handler is needed on the parent element, rather than having to attach event handlers on each descendant.
There is no need to unbind the handler from elements that are removed and to bind the event for new elements."
    },
    
]
